I understand. Navigating cloud security settings can be tricky. Here’s a more detailed, step-by-step guide on how to
  approach debugging this within your Google Cloud environment.

  1. Check VPC Firewall Rules

  The most common cause of a 403 Forbidden error in this context is a firewall rule blocking the request. You need to
  ensure that traffic is allowed to your Cloud Workstation on the port your application is using (port 3000).

   1. Go to the Firewall Rules page in the Google Cloud Console: VPC Firewall Rules 
      (https://console.cloud.google.com/networking/firewalls/list)
   2. Look for blocking rules: Examine the list for any rules with a "Deny" action that might apply to your workstation's
      network or tags.
   3. Create an "allow" rule (if one doesn't exist):
       * Click "Create firewall rule".
       * Name: Something descriptive, like allow-workstation-3000.
       * Network: Select the VPC network your Cloud Workstation is using.
       * Direction of traffic: Ingress (for incoming traffic).
       * Action on match: Allow.
       * Targets: Use "Specified target tags" and enter the network tag for your workstation. You can find this tag in
         your Cloud Workstation's details.
       * Source filter: For testing, you can set this to "IP ranges" and enter 0.0.0.0/0 to allow traffic from any IP
         address. Warning: This is not secure for production. A better option is to use your own IP address.
       * Protocols and ports: Select "Specified protocols and ports", then check "TCP" and enter 3000.
       * Click "Create".

  2. Review Identity-Aware Proxy (IAP)

  IAP is another layer of security that could be blocking your request.

   1. Go to the IAP page: Identity-Aware Proxy (https://console.cloud.google.com/security/iap)
   2. Find your resource: Look for the backend service or resource that corresponds to your Cloud Workstation.
   3. Check if IAP is enabled: If it is, ensure that you (and any other users who need access) are listed as a "Principal"
      with the "IAP-secured Web App User" role. If not, you'll need to add yourself.

  3. Isolate the Problem with a Simple Server

  This test will help you confirm if the issue is with the network configuration in general, or something specific to
  your Next.js application.

   1. Stop your Next.js application in your Cloud Workstation's terminal.
   2. Run a simple Python web server on the same port:

   1     python3 -m http.server 3000
   3. Try to access the server from your browser using your Cloud Workstation's URL (e.g.,
      https://3000-your-workstation-url.com).

   * If you still get a `403 Forbidden` error (or a timeout): The problem is definitely with your firewall or network
     configuration. Focus on step 1.
   * If you see a simple directory listing: The network is configured correctly, and the problem is more subtle. In this
     case, you should re-enable your middleware and we can continue to investigate the application code.

  Start with the firewall rules, as that is the most likely solution.

